email verification prompt docs (#9208)
auth0/docs: articles/connections/azuread-adfs-email-verification.md

## Azure AD/ADFS Email Verification Migration Setting

In previous versions, Auth0 always set the `email_verified` field to true in Azure AD and ADFS connections. If you were using Azure AD and ADFS connections in the past, you will have a tenant setting that will override the Connection Setting for **Email Verification** and keep the previous behavior. 

The new tenant setting is in the **Migrations** section, and it's called **Default to 'Email Verification' setting for Azure AD/ADFS connections**.

When this setting is disabled, `email_verified` will always be `true` for Azure AD/ADFS connections. When enabled, it will use the 'Email Verification' setting at the connection level.

## Email Verification Flow for Azure AD/ADFS connections

If your application requires that the emails from Azure AD/ADFS connection's users are always verified, you can enable the **Enable email verification flow during login for Azure AD and ADFS connections** option in the tenant's Advanced Settings section.

> After the user authenticates for the first time, with an non-verified email, Auth0 will ask the user to verify their email by entering a one-time-use code that was sent to their email account:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the user authenticates for the first time with an non-verified email, Auth0 will ask the user to verify their email by entering a one-time-use code that will be sent to their email account:
```

![](/media/articles/connections/azuread-adfs-email-verification.png)

If the user completes this step, the `email_verified` field will be set to `true`, and users will not be prompted again for email verification, unless Azure AD or ADFS return a different email for the user.

This new screen is rendered using the New Universal Login Experience, even if you have Universal Login configured to use the Classic Experience. To learn how to customize it, read the [Universal Login Customization documentation](/universal-login/customization-new). 

To learn how to customize the email that is sent to users, check the [Verification Email template documentation](/email/templatesverification-email-using-code-)

:::warning

> When Azure AD does not return an `email` claim, Auth0 maps the [Azure UserPrincipalName](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/hybrid/plan-connect-userprincipalname) as the email. Given there's no guarantee that the UserPrincipalName has a mailbox, Auth0 will **NOT** display the email verification prompt, the user will have `email_verified` = `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Azure AD does not return an `email` claim, Auth0 maps the [Azure UserPrincipalName](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/hybrid/plan-connect-userprincipalname) as the email. Given there is no guarantee that the UserPrincipalName is a mailbox, Auth0 will **NOT** display the email verification prompt and the user will have `email_verified` = `false`.
```
